labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
well , it does go on forever .
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report .
rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong .
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either .
maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad .
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ?
never once predictable .
highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller .
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
. . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness .
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first .
though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words don't really do the era justice . you have to see it .
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad .
" what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
yes , one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature .
the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
[johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them .
whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut .
although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale .
if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it .
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight .
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .
it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . .
i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat don't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i haven't seen one in so long , no wonder i didn't recognize it at first .
if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone .
10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become " the punk kids' revolution . "
the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .
its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for .
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view .
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify .
much monkeyfun for all .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad .
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh .
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look .
it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow .
this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . "
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . "
it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that .
light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors .
'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia .