ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.02):if there's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it's in projects like the ( unfortunately r-rated ) paid . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.29):if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.01):maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.09):you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.45):this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.02):i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.20):the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.45):if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.30):as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.06):too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.25):though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.43):though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.12): . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.24):its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.01):it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i haven't seen one in so long , no wonder i didn't recognize it at first . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.31):much monkeyfun for all . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.01):there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.20):never once predictable . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.20):even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.45):it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.03):woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.24):if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.11):' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.07):my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.10):though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.24): . . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.18):the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.04):if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a failure it is a glorious failure . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.23):light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.03):the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.50):it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.17):whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.42):as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.05):an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.31):brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.09):this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.47):i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.10):combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.01):a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.45):dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become " the punk kids' revolution . " 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.00):you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.32):the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.10):maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.07):there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.07):the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.31):rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.36):fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.38):an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.18):yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.40):insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years ! 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.22):it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.12):not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.39):although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.20):this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.18):like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.03):it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.14):writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.02):once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.05):all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.25):on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.01):there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.01):no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.06):you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , 'this is going to be something really good . ' and it is . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.36):if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.44):that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.39):i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.42):hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.06):even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.06):10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.04):cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.07):every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.09):it's never dull and always looks good . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.17):a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.21):boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.39):although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.01):if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.34):feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.34):[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.08):adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.10):labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.32):not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.31):a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.09):a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.19):even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.41):wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.37):a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.38):the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.16):not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.23):in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.34):the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.08):an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.33):the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.30):those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.04):byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.04):the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.23):highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.09):if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.03):thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.00):until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.03):return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.00):neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.22):it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.18):at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.28):like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.33):a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.50):evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.38):underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.07):here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.01):much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words don't really do the era justice . you have to see it . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.12):it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.02):by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.13):entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.14):meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.45):as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.03):another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.25): . . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.02):the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.06):i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.02): " what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.42):crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.13):not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.01):i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
ERROR (neg classed as pos 0.20):a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 
