like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .
brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
enduring love but exhausting cinema .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
everyone's to blame here .
if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it .
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .
[a] slummer .
a movie to forget
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun .
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r . abrams , in their feature debut .
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together .
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better .
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
schneidermeister . . . makin' a fool of himself . . . losin' his fan base . . .
ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism .
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
it's not without its pleasures , but i'll stick with the tune .
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
. . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
it's never dull and always looks good .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid .
when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that .
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit .
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , 'this is going to be something really good . ' and it is .
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more .
there is no insight into the anguish of heidi's life -- only a depiction of pain , today's version of greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate .
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust .
this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie .
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .
an uplifting , largely bogus story .
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years !
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade .
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america .
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . .
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better .
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow .
the very definition of what critics have come to term an " ambitious failure . "
tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club .
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
. . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion .
if there's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it's in projects like the ( unfortunately r-rated ) paid .
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
a cockeyed shot all the way .
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery .
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .
it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie .
it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .