bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches .
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .
this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you'll have a good time with this one too .
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it .
reassuring , retro uplifter .
moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
red dragon " never cuts corners .
michel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being .
everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
funny and touching .
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . .
the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .
like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
it's sweet . it's funny . it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . and , thanks to the presence of 'the king , ' it also rocks .
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichï¿½s disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back .
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much .
will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here .
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
there is truth here
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love .
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma .
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension .
it's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity .
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie .
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational !
the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
an impeccable study in perversity .
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
. . . instead go rent " shakes the clown " , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
once you get into its rhythm . . . the movie becomes a heady experience .
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land .
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet .
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white .
well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
schï¿½tte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
'aunque recurre a ciertos clichï¿½s del gï¿½nero , la poderosa actuaciï¿½n de robin williams perdona las fallas del guiï¿½n . '
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time .
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved .
delirious fun .
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story .
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching .
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken .
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
uno de los policiales mï¿½s interesantes de los ï¿½ltimos tiempos .
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
. . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might .
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
veretï¿½ has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . .
[siegel] and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
. . . very funny , very enjoyable . . .
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .
michael moore's latest documentary about america's thirst for violence is his best film yet . . .
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal .
a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
make like the title and dodge this one .
the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod .
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
one funny popcorn flick .
[there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something .
nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions ï¿½ disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . .
twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career .
a tone poem of transgression .
in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
it all seemed wasted like deniro's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half .
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter .
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over .
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
candid camera on methamphetamines .
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award .
kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .
. . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there .
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
a surprisingly funny movie .
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
one of the funnier movies in town .
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
a french film with a more down-home flavor .
. . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too .
with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
more precious than perspicacious
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard .
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
in death to smoochy , we don't get williams' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
by turns very dark and very funny .
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past .
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark .
the fast runner' transports the viewer into an unusual space
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane .
as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
[t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief .
if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -ï¿½ decasia
it's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
best described as i know what you did last winter .
nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years .